A book that is collection of texts or articles.
.
A journal.
Usually the address of the publisher or other type of institution. For major publishing houses, van Leunen recommends omitting the information entirely. For small publishers, on the other hand, you can help the reader by giving the complete address.
An article in a conference proceedings.
An annotation. It is not used by the standard bibliography styles, but may be used by others that produce an annotated bibliography.
Title of a book, part of which is being cited. See the LaTeX book for how to type titles. For book entries, use the title field instead.
The physical dimensions of a work.
Domain for affiliation, type, edition, chapter, howpublished, number, copyright, contents, isbn, issn, langugage, lccn, price, size, location, url.
The authors affiliation.
How something strange has been published. The first word should be capitalized.
A chapter (or section or whatever) number.
The International Standard Serial Number. Used to identify a journal.
An organization.
A book that is a single entity, as opposed to a collection.
The database key of the entry being cross referenced.
An abstract of the work.
A location associated with the entry, such as the city in which a conference took place.
A work that is printed and bound, but without a named publisher or sponsoring institution.
Name(s) of editor(s), typed as indicated in the LaTeX book. If there is also an author field, then the editor field gives the editor of the book or collection in which the reference appears.
May be a chapter (or section or whatever) and/or a range of pages.
A generic human creator category, necessary in order to contain both author and editor.
A document having an author and title, but not formally published.
A generic property to hold page and/or chapter data.
The number of a journal, magazine, technical report, or of a work in a series. An issue of a journal or magazine is usually identified by its volume and number; the organization that issues a technical report usually gives it a number; and sometimes books are given numbers in a named series.
The edition of a book--for example, "Second". This should be an ordinal, and should have the first letter capitalized, as shown here; the standard styles convert to lower case when necessary.
The key for a particular bibTeX entry. Note that the rdf:ID for each Entry instance could be the bibTeX key as well, possibly making this property redundant.
A Table of Contents.
A thesis (either Master or PhD).
A reference to the book that contains the entry. The entry must be an Inbook or Incollection.
A single book that may be a monography or a collection of written texts.
A reference to the proceedings in which the entry appears. The entry must be an InProceedings.
One or more page numbers or range of numbers, such as 42-111 or 7,41,73-97 or 43+ (the `+' in this last example indicates pages following that don't form a simple range). To make it easier to maintain Scribe-compatible databases, the standard styles convert a single dash (as in 7-33) to the double dash used in TeX to denote number ranges (as in 7-33).
TROUVER UNE DESCRIPTION POUR CA.
A part of a book having its own title.
An institution.
The list of persons who directed the motion picture.
Key words used for searching or possibly for annotation.
A PhD thesis.
journal (a periodical dedicated to a particular subject) "he reads the medical journals"
The date when the work was published or, for an unpublished work, in which it was written.
Copyright information.
A person.
A film/movie/motion picture.
The Mathematical Reviews number.
The WWW Universal Resource Locator that points to the item being referenced. This often is used for technical reports to point to the ftp or web site where the postscript source of the report is located.
The beginning of a range of pages.
The volume of a journal or multivolume book.
The same as INPROCEEDINGS, included for Scribe compatibility.
The price of the document.
The Library of Congress Call Number.
Date of a day, month or year.
The end of a range of pages.
May be a chapter (or section or whatever), a range of pages or a part of a book having its own title.
An article from a journal or magazine.
The key for a particular bibTeX entry.  Note that the rdf:ID for each Entry instance could be the bibTeX key as well, possibly making this property redundant.
Base class for all entries
A simple text with possibly other information such as language, etc.
A work that may be composed of several parts or chapter. May be a monography, a collection or a proceedings.
The proceedings of a conference.
A reference to the book that contains the entry. The entry must be an InBook end the book a Monography.
The language the document is in.
The language in which the words are written.
The work's title, typed as explained in the LaTeX book.
The name of the school where a thesis was written.
Technical documentation.
A report published by a school or other institution, usually numbered within a series.
The type of a technical report--for example, "Research Note".
A document that that was informally published or not published.
A publisher.
A range of pages.
The document that contains a text or article.
The name of a series or set of books. When citing an entire book, the the title field gives its title and an optional series field gives the name of a series or multi-volume set in which the book is published.
The sponsoring institution of a technical report.
The organization that sponsors a conference or that publishes a manual.
A Master's thesis.
A proceedings may be implicitly defined with an inproceedings.
A shorten version of the title.
Lecture notes.
The month in which the work was published or, for an unpublished work, in which it was written. You should use the standard three-letter abbreviation, as described in Appendix B.1.3 of the LaTeX book.
The International Standard Book Number.
The publisher's name.
The year of publication or, for an unpublished work, the year it was written. Generally it should consist of four numerals, such as 1984, although the standard styles can handle any year whose last four nonpunctuation characters are numerals, such as '(about 1984)'.
A school or university.
Use this type when nothing else fits.
A book with an explicit publisher.
A title.
A part of a book, which may be a chapter (or section or whatever) and/or a range of pages.
A journal name. Abbreviations are provided for many journals; see the Local Guide
Any additional information that can help the reader. The first word should be capitalized.
A range of page, with an upper and lower limit.
The name(s) of the author(s), in the format described in the LaTeX book.
A Master's or PhD thesis.
A part of something (either Book or Proceedings).
